# Java_Proj2
Java Project coded on IntelliJ. Purpose of the project is to recreate the Connect 4 Game using both front end and back end development and provides a fun experience for 2 players/users. Partner project, but both coded all parts (UI/GUI Design and game logic back end). Thr src folder contains a main file and test file. The test file includes a java file, in which we code our own test file that checks the basic logic of our game - to make sure it is working properly (minimum of 10 test cases). The main file has rest of the project. Inside our java folder, there are 4 files in which we split the different tasks of the project based on the given project description. 

One is the game logic file, in which we code a game logic class that handles the basic rules of how the game actually works and checks for things like win or invalid moves. Another file is the game button class, it is a public class that handles the basic functions of a single button, which makes it simpler to implement and call on to construct the game grid. The third file is the theme class file, where we coded similar functions for different 'themes' of the game, depending on which the user chooses. The last file is the JavaFX class file, which ties all the files together and actually constructs the front end of the game. The project displays a game screen, first play screen, different buttons and a menu bar to show the user more options. The theme class deals with the various styles of each game screen the user picks and also changes the styles of every button on the grid. The final screen a player will see is the results of the game, which will display a win screen for the designated player or if its a draw. 
